Fix: Added details about esc script to documentation (#48)
godot-escoria/escoria-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/1_create_escoria_project.rst

Template along with stock user interfaces and dialog managers to get you up and
running in no time.

Game filesystem structure
-------------------------

Before any files get created, it's important to point out that there is no
mandated filesystem structure for your game. For example, you may
choose to organise your files by :

* purpose (e.g. "/items", "/scripts", "/sprites")
* room (e.g. "/room_ballroom", "/room_study")
* a combination of the two (e.g. "/room_ballroom/scripts",
  "/room_ballroom/items" etc.)
* some other structure

> You are not restricted to the structure this demonstration project uses, use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are not restricted to the structure used by this demonstration project: use
```
